Documentation

Questions
Answer the following questions in full sentences. Please break out your answers into
individual paragraphs so that they are easier to parse.

● What is the intended purpose of your application?

This website will allow the user to enter a baseball player's name into the field along with the position that they play. Once the user submits their player, the player will show up in that specific position on an image of a baseball field. Ultimately, the user should be able to see a full starting lineup on the screen when they have submitted all positions for the players. The API will store your set of players as your team. 

● What data will be stored and delivered by the API?

The data stored includes the baseball player name and the position that they will play. 

● What work has been completed for this prototype?

1. Allowing the user to add a player to their starting lineup. 2. Displays the players on the image in their respective position. 

● What work is left, and how do you plan to complete it?

Still need to complete the folowing:
1. Search for players to get what position they play.
2. Assign players to a team and allow the user to access all players on the same team.


● Do you have a plan for going above and beyond? If so, what is it?

If time allows, I want to inorporate a baseball player API to allow the user to choose from an already existing player, rather than typing in the name. 

● If you used any borrowed code or code fragments, where did you get them from?
What do the code fragments do? Where are they in your code?

I used code from the API HW that was submitted for this class to get user information and storing it into an API. For the header template, I referenced a past project from IGME 235. For the image of the baseball field used, I got it from https://pixabay.com/vectors/baseball-field-sports-stadium-park-3778774/ so it is open source. To help with showing a png file, I referenced the media assignment along with the following link: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5823722/how-to-serve-an-image-using-nodejs . Also used https://www.w3schools.com/Css/tryit.asp?filename=trycss_position_absolute to determine how to get the players in a specific spot using CSS. For the font, I used the ttf file from https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Secular+One#license . 

Endpoint Documentation

URL: /getUsers
Supported Methods: GET, HEAD
Query Params: playerName (the name of the player being searched for)
Description: Retrieves information about a baseball player.
Return Type(s): JSON